hi anna girls and good thanks for
be watching this video on this occasion
I bring you the most demo review of a
product that they have asked me very much and
and I want to tell why it is so
famous because from the most orders and
the best sellers in chorus and then in
much of the world where we know the
Asian cosmetics and it's about
this cream
the snow white and the secret cake and it's
a multi benefits cream so if
you want to know why is number one
stay to watch this video
It is a multi benefits cream in first
place they help to unify the tone of your
skin is the result is immediate in
how much you use it will unify your tone
skin to disguise the redness and are
the dark of your face and it looks the most
uniform possible with constant use
helps to clarify the tone of your skin
ratifies and helps control
facial glitters but it's not a
magnifier so you can see the face
cartoon nothing is not a nuance and out
discreet that is not going to see your face
withered is going to look radiant but without
so much shine disguise the appearance of
the open pores promises to leave a
skin effect photoshop says it's multi
benefits because you can use it as
prebase as a moisturizer as
stevie cream and when I read live in
I said like a cream is going to be the same as
a live believes but when I started
use surprised me a lot because
Really
when you put it on, it looks like you're
putting a bicrim has no color like
a showcase but it helps you unify
much the tone of your skin and if it is true
that leaves the appearance of a showcase to
difference of the baby cream this one
has a sun protection factor that I
I would say that in this cream is the only
point that he needs to make a cream
perfect promises to create a barrier
protective that will protect you from the
someone damages the environment or
the products of cosmetic uses that a
Sometimes we use products that do not
we know or do not specify well the
ingredients and sometimes those products
can be harmful to health and good
this cream promises to create a layer that goes
to prevent those harmful ingredients
damage your skin but it's not your
function has proven that its formula
helps to improve the appearance of
Acne skins among its main
ingredients contain and so on the
measure that promotes
Clean soft and moisturized in its texture
It is very light
and it helps that it is perfectly based on
Our skin
it absorbs very fast is not as heavy as
other lightening creams is what has
liked many times of this one that is very
ligerita is absorbed of flown and as they
he said he does not leave that heavy feeling that
let other creams clear up first what
best of all this is that it's free to
parabens of mineral oils and
animals and does not contain dyes or
artificial fragrances also not
contains no other ingredient of
encouragement that can hurt or irritate
Our skin is suitable for all kinds of
skin even the most sensitive its form
of use is like any other cream
facial either before you put on makeup with
the clean face we put in certain
areas of our face and we blur it
until absorbed absorbs very fast
of the first moment is going to see a little
whitish
It melts with our skin and adapts
perfectly so do not be afraid
for looking like a Gasparino or something like that
I assure you, they are going to ask me
which is better if this or the bandit of
tony moli and the truth would be a little
risky saying which is better or worse
because I can look better one and
the other not so much and maybe you
it works nothing backwards and it seems to you
better one than the other then both
They are very good but what I like about
this is that it is light and absorbs more
faster than Panda antoni moll
but it is already a matter of you
try and decide which one is best for you
skin type the only thing that when you
you put sometimes it stays here like that
trapped in your eyebrows but with a common
this one eyebrow skewer you remove the
excess and ready nothing happens I think it's
the perfect cream has everything
can you ask
of a facial cream and that's why
they say that it is not even necessary anymore
use bibi cream
it has everything has to disguise its
imperfections clarifies protects from damage
has all the unique things that only
lack is that it has protection factor
solar but if you after this osasuna
he lived he usually believes the showcase
brings a sun protection factor like this
do not worry about that, there's no greater
problem and well that was all I hope that
you liked it and that you have been
help if you had doubts with this product
how to use it from if it was good for you to go
right or wrong, I hope I have taken the
more of the doubts and if you have any
doubt please leave me here in the
comments and I gladly give you the
I will answer, I hope you liked it and
If you are not subscribed, I invite you to
subscribe so you can see many more
reviews and other videos here in this
channel and I also invite you to my videos
previous insurance any
of your help and now if I say goodbye
exciting send good wishes to carly
and doritos his anus and ramirez emerald
sixtos bones sandoval garcia rivas el
one fungus flowers
kyle and froome sky gives victory itself
for slim mabel tapie lozano and a
special greeting to water visit of ecuador
and also a very special greeting to you
thank you for previewing this video thank you
for always leaving me your support either with
a little finger up with a reproduction in
my videos and thanks for commenting and we
we see next week with a new
review or video will see to see that
See you I hope you liked it bye
I tell you how the opposite of the
I had to do it like that, but if
you are in your little house you put the patch like this
it's easier to put it that way
you close your eye and let's go put it there and